Update the caution of http-proxy setting (#369)
harvester/docs: docs/advanced/settings.md

:::caution

If you configure `httpProxy` and `httpsProxy`, you must also put Harvester node's CIDR into `noProxy`, otherwise the Harvester cluster will be broken.

> And if you also configure the `cluster-registration-url` setting, you usually need to add the host of the `cluster-registration-url` into `noProxy` as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you also configure `cluster-registration-url`, you usually need to add the host of `cluster-registration-url` to `noProxy` as well, otherwise you cannot access the Harvester cluster from Rancher.
```
